56 master years have passed and 3 a lot of tiscali emotion here on the hill
to pay tribute to those 31 heroes
if this is the little ireland football
I have deleted nothing of this from this tragedy
important to keep the memory and on this great memory build the
future
face I have to teach
the big ones
let alone technical talk
obviously
unfortunately value that licks are no longer found
The values ​​of dedication are worthy of attachment to the hands
3d values
characteristic heads
today it does not rain strange strange 4 May with a beautiful warm sun this can
to be
a good omen for robbery
team committed to this very delicate final rush
I believe it is a good omen
if also very pleased
that there is good weather for the fan event tonight
sharpening then for time favors
and then we hope that it is also goodwill as regards
this end of the championship inclined to the hill has a meaning
especially after the controversy in recent years
I have never done any controversy, it's the others who do the pole
I came to respect love
this is the rest of the account at zero
see me now he has become a patron bull supporter
I can't understand how to say that I'm not a fan if I put my own
heritage voted
in the bull then what is seen
download those become property rope from the past maybe they are the only one
true p maybe he pays
to not make it up
federica changes to prague from particular tattooing with is a moment with you
I have it as a party even at the Philadelphia what can the philadelphia tell us
will come back to life
philadelphia where it was
request asymptote oblique save say when giving us the licenses we understand that
now it's a matter of days
fantacelle love license we come into play 9
until there are no licenses, it's two and a half years and I'm fighting
but no one realizes only the negative things the positions are the
iguanas no one contributes
when they give us the sperling relationship
text nobody look at them just look
things to criticize
exemption sets steels to return to shine what has really been
the web arena guarantee the personal treasures you do not feel
violet carpets
lateral personal wealth as well as the construction of the Philadelphia more than that
you die
just documenting it is not convenient to read them